Automating Lookups
Now that we have some initial data
from the megacorpone.com domain,
we can continue to use
additional DNS queries
to discover more
hostnames and IP addresses
belonging to the same domain.
For example,
we know that the domain has a web server,
with the hostname “www.megacorpone.com”.
Let’s run host against this hostname.
Now, let’s see if megacorpone.com
has a server with
the hostname “idontexist”.
First, we queried a valid hostname and
received an IP resolution response.
By contrast, our second query
returned an NXDOMAIN error,
indicating that a public DNS record
does not exist for that hostname.
Now that we understand
how to search for valid hostnames,
we can automate our efforts.